CSI migration of Cinder volume plugin is on by default (#26992)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/volumes.md

#### OpenStack CSI migration

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.21" state="beta" >}}

The `CSIMigration` feature for Cinder is enabled by default in Kubernetes 1.21.
It redirects all plugin operations from the existing in-tree plugin to the
`cinder.csi.openstack.org` Container Storage Interface (CSI) Driver.
[OpenStack Cinder CSI Driver](https://github.com/kubernetes/cloud-provider-openstack/blob/master/docs/cinder-csi-plugin/using-cinder-csi-plugin.md)
must be installed on the cluster.

> The feature can be disabled by un-setting `CSIMigrationOpenStack` beta feature

Reviewer: Hi @jsafrane .
How do you disable the beta feature?
Do you set the feature flag to false?

Author: Yes, you run kubernetes components like kubelet with `--feature-gates=CSIMigrationOpenStack=false`.

> The feature can be disabled by un-setting `CSIMigrationOpenStack` beta feature
> gate. When disabled, in-tree Cinder volume plugin will be responsible for
> all storage related tasks, as it was in the previous Kubernetes releases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can disable Cinder CSI migration for your cluster by setting the `CSIMigrationOpenStack` 
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) to `false`.
If you disable the `CSIMigrationOpenStack` feature, the in-tree Cinder volume plugin takes responsibility
all aspects of Cinder volume storage management.
```

BTW “as it was in the previous Kubernetes releases.” would become incorrect in the next release; we favor wording that stays accurate without maintenance.

Reviewer 3: Created a follow-up PR to implement suggestion in https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/27361
